README.md, before:

# Croak

## Project description:

Discord seems to be going down hill fast. There's no close competitors, no great open-source alternatives, and they are about to go public meaning they'll jam in more ads and subscriptions.
All we want is a simple voice and message chat application that we can host for our friends.

#### Introducing: Croak!

## Project Scope

Croak has one simple goal in mind: Let you host your own messaging and voice call service yourself.

This project does not have a large scope in mind and as such is being made with limited scope of scalability. Because of this, it may not be for everyone, but it might just be what you need.

## Development

Python == 3.10.11
Installing dependencies from root:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

Remember, python can be much nicer with just a simple `python -m venv venv`

Running electron
go to frontend directory
`npm run dev`

Database:
We will just use a live dev database. Can't be bothered working out a consistent way to get databases up on running on machines.
If you need the database info, just reach out to me.

You will want to use mprocs.

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->

<a id="readme-top"></a>

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![project_license][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Croak</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Frog around with your friends
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

Discord seems to be going down hill fast. There's no close competitors, no great open-source alternatives, and they are about to go public meaning they'll jam in more ads and subscriptions.
All we want is a simple voice and message chat application that we can host for our friends.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

-   [![React][React.js]][React-url]
-   [![Electron]][Electron-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the latest version of npm

-   npm
-   python 3.10.6

### Installation

1. Clone the repo
    ```sh
    git clone https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak.git
    ```


2. Change git remote url to avoid accidental pushes to base project (IF YOU ARE AN INVITED COLLABORATOR OF THE PROJECT, SKIP THIS STEP BUT ENSURE TO STILL MAKE MERGE REQUESTS)
    ```sh
    git remote set-url origin your-username/Croak
    git remote -v # confirm the changes
    ```
3. Install python packages
    ```sh
     pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
4. Install NPM packages
    ```sh
    cd frontend
    npm install
    ```
    (It is recommended that you [use a venv](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-setup-virtual-environments-in-python/) when it comes to managing installed packages, however it is not a requirement)

 <p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

# WIP (STILL WRITING READ ME)

BACKEND WILL BE DJANGO
FRONTEND IS REACT ELECTRON

## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

-   [ ] Feature 1
-   [ ] Feature 2
-   [ ] Feature 3
    -   [ ] Nested Feature

See the [open issues](https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Top contributors:

<a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=KenzLinden/Croak" alt="contrib.rocks image" />
</a>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the project_license. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak](https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
[Next.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white
[Next-url]: https://nextjs.org/
[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Electron-url]: https://www.electronjs.org/
[Electron]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-electron-425e7a?style=for-the-badge&logo=electron&logoColor=61DBFB
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[Svelte.dev]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00
[Svelte-url]: https://svelte.dev/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com

Commit message:

docker compose to launch local postgres db

README.md, after:

# Croak

## Project description:

Discord seems to be going down hill fast. There's no close competitors, no great open-source alternatives, and they are about to go public meaning they'll jam in more ads and subscriptions.
All we want is a simple voice and message chat application that we can host for our friends.

#### Introducing: Croak!

## Project Scope

Croak has one simple goal in mind: Let you host your own messaging and voice call service yourself.

This project does not have a large scope in mind and as such is being made with limited scope of scalability. Because of this, it may not be for everyone, but it might just be what you need.

## Development

Python == 3.10.11
Installing dependencies from root:
`pip install -r requirements.txt`

Remember, python can be much nicer with just a simple `python -m venv venv`

Running electron
go to frontend directory
`npm run dev`

Database:
We will just use a live dev database. Can't be bothered working out a consistent way to get databases up on running on machines.
If you need the database info, just reach out to me.

You will want to use mprocs.

<!-- Improved compatibility of back to top link: See: https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template/pull/73 -->

<a id="readme-top"></a>

<!--
*** Thanks for checking out the Best-README-Template. If you have a suggestion
*** that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request
*** or simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
*** Don't forget to give the project a star!
*** Thanks again! Now go create something AMAZING! :D
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!--
*** I'm using markdown "reference style" links for readability.
*** Reference links are enclosed in brackets [ ] instead of parentheses ( ).
*** See the bottom of this document for the declaration of the reference variables
*** for contributors-url, forks-url, etc. This is an optional, concise syntax you may use.
*** https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links
-->

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![project_license][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak">
    <img src="images/logo.png" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>

<h3 align="center">Croak</h3>

  <p align="center">
    Frog around with your friends
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak"><strong>Explore the docs »</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/issues/new?labels=bug&template=bug-report---.md">Report Bug</a>
    &middot;
    <a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/issues/new?labels=enhancement&template=feature-request---.md">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#license">License</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->

## About The Project

Discord seems to be going down hill fast. There's no close competitors, no great open-source alternatives, and they are about to go public meaning they'll jam in more ads and subscriptions.
All we want is a simple voice and message chat application that we can host for our friends.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Built With

- [![React][React.js]][React-url]
- [![Electron]][Electron-url]

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

This is an example of how you may give instructions on setting up your project locally.
To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the latest version of npm

- npm
- python 3.10.6

### Installation

1. Clone the repo

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak.git
   ```

2. Change git remote url to avoid accidental pushes to base project (IF YOU ARE AN INVITED COLLABORATOR OF THE PROJECT, SKIP THIS STEP BUT ENSURE TO STILL MAKE MERGE REQUESTS)
   ```sh
   git remote set-url origin your-username/Croak
   git remote -v # confirm the changes
   ```
3. Install python packages
   ```sh
    pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   cd frontend
   npm install
   ```
   (It is recommended that you [use a venv](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-setup-virtual-environments-in-python/) when it comes to managing installed packages, however it is not a requirement)

 <p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

# WIP (STILL WRITING READ ME)

BACKEND WILL BE DJANGO
FRONTEND IS REACT ELECTRON
Make sure docker & docker compose is install to setup dev database

## Usage

Use this space to show useful examples of how a project can be used. Additional screenshots, code examples and demos work well in this space. You may also link to more resources.

_For more examples, please refer to the [Documentation](https://example.com)_

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [ ] Feature 1
- [ ] Feature 2
- [ ] Feature 3
  - [ ] Nested Feature

See the [open issues](https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (`git checkout -b AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your Changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the Branch (`git push origin AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Top contributors:

<a href="https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=KenzLinden/Croak" alt="contrib.rocks image" />
</a>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## License

Distributed under the project_license. See `LICENSE.txt` for more information.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

Project Link: [https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak](https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links -->

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/KenzLinden/Croak.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/KenzLinden/Croak/blob/master/LICENSE.txt
[product-screenshot]: images/screenshot.png
[Next.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white
[Next-url]: https://nextjs.org/
[React.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Electron-url]: https://www.electronjs.org/
[Electron]: https://img.shields.io/badge/-electron-425e7a?style=for-the-badge&logo=electron&logoColor=61DBFB
[Vue.js]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Vue.js-35495E?style=for-the-badge&logo=vuedotjs&logoColor=4FC08D
[Vue-url]: https://vuejs.org/
[Angular.io]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Angular-DD0031?style=for-the-badge&logo=angular&logoColor=white
[Angular-url]: https://angular.io/
[Svelte.dev]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Svelte-4A4A55?style=for-the-badge&logo=svelte&logoColor=FF3E00
[Svelte-url]: https://svelte.dev/
[Laravel.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-FF2D20?style=for-the-badge&logo=laravel&logoColor=white
[Laravel-url]: https://laravel.com
[Bootstrap.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Bootstrap-563D7C?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com
[JQuery.com]: https://img.shields.io/badge/jQuery-0769AD?style=for-the-badge&logo=jquery&logoColor=white
[JQuery-url]: https://jquery.com
